We're half an hour away from the opens
in Hong Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai.
You're watching the China Show. I'm Yvon
Man with Annabelle Jewelers.
>> Our top stories. Asian stocks rise as
weak US jobs opening data reinforces
bets of a Fed rate cut this month.
Bearish calls on treasuries grow as
traders brace for the official payrolls
report.
>> And China's weapons parade under
scrutiny as speculation grows of a
widening military purge. There was a
rare also candid moment caught between
Xi Jinping, Vladimir Putin and Kim
Jong-un also making waves online.
>> Plus, exclusive interviews ahead. We
speak with Katar Airways on Chinese
demand. And the CFO of E-Hung joins us
to share updates on its air taxi
business.
[Music]
Well, coming into the morning session, I
mean, there's quite a bit of positivity
across the screen here. You can see the
broader gauge up around half a percent.
The really big theme that we have this
morning is this job openings data that
came in overnight. So, essentially
falling to a 10-month low and that
really started to reinforce or just
further added to these bets that we're
going to see that Fed rate cut later
this month. That's almost fully priced
in right now. still this expectation for
two reductions for the rest of this
year. So, we saw US stocks for instance
climbing overnight. Again, that's
translating into the session this
morning. What we did see as well the
action was in that 2-year yield because
we saw it moving of course more rate
sensitive at the front end of the curve.
Yesterday, it was that really big story
though. What's happening at the long
end, the longer tenor ones, for
instance, at the 30-year yield, for
instance, uh the 30-year Treasury around
5%. It's sort of quietened overnight,
but we still are watching JGB 30-year
very close. We've got that auction uh
coming up later today. and the
expectation the demand is going to be
looking pretty weak. It's not just that
story around the global dynamics.
There's also questions around political
instability is that building in Japan as
well watching the Nicay as well climbing
1.2% but certainly one of the big movers
in the session today's Naid that's the
electronics component maker but
essentially really big drop for that
stock after they've just announced an
external accounting probe. Uh so waiting
for more details on that, but you can
see already uh that the concerns around
that is certainly building into the
stock. Let's take a look at what we're
expecting here uh for Chinese equities
ahead of the open this morning because
we are looking fairly muted but a little
bit higher here. So we've had two
straight days of declines. Again, not
too much uh downward pressure, but
certainly we could set up for a day in
the green here today. Golden Dragon
index again didn't give too many cues
overnight. But one thing that we're
really watching as well is just these
more bullish calls that are continuing
to grow. For instance, Goldman Sachs are
speaking to us yesterday, seeing there's
still more upside ahead. And you're also
starting to see this sort of movement
taking place where you've got Chinese
stocks and the yuan moving in tandem so
far over the course of this year. So,
does that also start to create sort of a
virtuous reinforcement cycle where
you've got this bullishness in equities
that feeds into demand for the yuan and
again pushes it higher against the green
back. Yeah, it certainly is a key focus
here, right? The fact that one asset
class helps the other. There seems to be
a change of strategy here from the likes
of policy makers and the like. Before it
was UN stability amid these trade
tensions and now no, let's try to nudge
that remb stronger here to help this
equity market. In terms of what to watch
in the interior of China here today, of
course, we're watching a little bit more
about uh everything from of course this
rally and where we stand right now. Uh
we're going to do a pulse check on the
earnings picture here with Morgan
Stanley just a bit. Uh but US fiber
optic tariffs that's certainly one thing
to watch and there are some stocks
related in China that are going to be in
focus here today. the remix of course as
Belle mentioned you know if we see a
continued sort of strength in that
currency uh and highore of course
remains uh a key focus here as well uh
and Sunong Kai earnings that might you
know really play into that as well given
what we've been seeing uh here in the
city of course uh the next developer to
report as well and of course India
exposed stocks because there's talk of
this consumer sales tax and the like in
India but yes this is probably one of
the worst markets we've seen this year
uh globally which is India right now
just given all the terror threat threats
and the like.
>> Really interesting as well that that
sort of movement from India to cut the
GST is coming just hot off the heels of
Mod's trip uh to the SEO as well. And
then two company companies rather
countries that can really are falling
back onto their domestic consumption
story to sort of offset the impact of
tariffs.
>> That's true. And and it brings us back
to what what's going to happen with the
macro picture, right? When you have the
data that seems to be so sensitive to
what the Fed's going to do, right? That
jolts data certainly did jolt to the
market. This whole bond reversal as
well. You have the non-far payrolls
next. And really, it's going to be a key
question if we see a weak print. Does it
settle the rate cut debate? And in some
ways, should we still put 50 basis
points, some say, on the table? The
likes of Steven say if you have a print
that's around 40,000 for NFP, that might
spark that sort of discussion once
again.
>> Yeah. And and it's not just of course
the girrations you're seeing in
treasuries. I mean Japanese bonds are
the other
>> big watch because we've certainly been
keeping a watch on what's happening at
the long end of the curve there and it's
not just the the global stories we're
saying it's also the domestic story that
the the sort of question can Isha the
the prime minister continue to hold on
to power so we've got that uh auction
coming up later today I think 12:35 p.m.
local time.
>> Yeah, as you mentioned, right, that
there was a key power broker, some
senior officials within the party that
have left. So, that cast doubt about
whether Ichipa can stay in power. That
certainly is leading the long end to
sell off quite a bit here as well. But,
as you mentioned, the bid to cover, I
think it was 343 last auction
>> in August.
>> Some traders say that that might even
cut it
>> just given all the risk out there here
right now and what we're seeing globally
amidst this kind of bond sell-off. So,
there's a lot of course on on tap here.
Let's bring in Paul Dobson, our Asia
executive markets executive editor to
join us a little bit more about really
what's in store. Um, yeah, I mean NFP's
going to be the next big one to watch.
You know, does this jolt data certainly
imply that we're going to see another
weak print and what does it mean for
markets, Paul?
>> Uh, morning Ivonne. Uh, certainly the
market took some uh encouragement, if
you will, uh, from the the weaker Jolts
data. It's an interesting one, isn't it?
It's bad news on the economic front
really, but if that pushes the Fed
towards cutting interest rates, makes it
more of a lock for September, then um
then stock investors are seeing that as
a positive rather than a negative.
They're not worried that the um economy
is slowing so rapidly that we need to
slam on the brakes and you know, or or
pump the gas or whatever it is in order
to get things going again. uh not
worried about uh emergency measures or
anything like that, but space for the
Fed to ease rates uh from a position of
of reasonable confidence and be able to
keep on uh pumping that stock rally. But
I think, you know, in the background, we
also have this idea that with what the
Trump administration is trying to
achieve with the Fed, um at some point
in the next 12 months, we're going to be
running the economy hotter. In any case,
they're likely that the cuts are going
to come through from the Fed a little
bit more aggressively uh with a
different Fed chair. And so that again
would fuel further gains in the stock
market, all things being equal until or
or or unless inflation starts to look
like it's getting out of control. But
that's a that's a debate for another
day. At the moment, the market pretty
confident that uh the the labor market
is weakening at a pace that will allow
the Fed to cut without um causing any
signs of panic.
We mentioned this Japan bond sale, the
debt sale auction coming up later today.
I mean, we're talking about what
happened in August. I think also what
was different in August, we had that
reassurance from the finance ministry at
that time that they were going to be
sort of pulling back on their on their
issuance. But this time around, we don't
seem to have any sort of comfort for
investors. So, so what can we expect
later today?
>> Well, if you're looking for comfort for
investors, then what we do have is
record high yields going into this
auction. So the possibility that you're
going to get paid more for taking on
that risk. But on the other hand, we do,
as you're saying, um have the additional
political uncertainty and it feels like
having lost his number two, the least
that Ishir is going to have to do is
himself put in place some additional
fiscal spending in order to sort of
cement his place and uh retain his
credibility. In a in a different
scenario, if he's deposed and replaced,
then the likelihood is that the spending
would be even more. So for bond
investors, it's either slightly bad news
or particularly bad news when you're
worried about um Japan's uh debt load
and th those sort of debt to GDP
metrics. Uh on the other hand, um you
know, like I said, uh we we are uh
getting to the pay point where it's it's
attractive as an investment option. um
as so long as uh yields don't keep on
rising, the sell-off doesn't continue so
long as people start to regain faith uh
that that you can get paid a decent
amount for those investments. So
there'll be a lot of focus on the bid to
cover ratio. As you said, something over
three really doesn't suggest like the
market is absolutely terrified here or
that it's going to be a disastrous
result. I don't think anybody's worried
about the prospect of a failed auction.
It's just that each time we have a sale,
if those costs are rising for the
government, then the that sort of can
snowball over time and become more
ownorous uh for Japan. And that's the
sort of um uh uh difficult situation
that it needs to find a way to break
through from.
>> Paul, really great to have you this
morning. That was Paul Dobson there in
Singapore. Let's bring in Jonathan
Garner now. He's the chief Asia and
emerging market equity strategist at
Morgan Stanley joining us now from
Singapore. and and Jonathan, we were
just going over there the expectations
around the Fed, the BOJ, but but let's
start with the Fed and and this this
assumption really going into the
September meeting that we're going to
see a cut of 25 basis points. I mean, is
there anything that can kind of test
that, do you think? And what's the then
meaning or implication for Asian
equities as well?
>> Yeah, that is looking increasingly uh
likely. I I think it's really important
to step back a bit here and understand
that valuations in equities including
here in Asia are are quite high. Um if
you look for example at uh topics it's
trading close to 16 times forward. If
you look at the broad emerging market or
Asia XJapan indices, they're about 13
and a half. A and that's a really
important point because you can't really
just talk about the Fed cutting and what
equities are going to do without
understanding where we're priced and
also what's happening to earnings and
earnings estimates revisions are
actually drifting lower really across
the board. So we made a call a few weeks
ago. It's actually quite a dangerous uh
situation and um after a very large
rallies we had since um the beginning of
May for example topics up almost 20%
broadm up 15% you've seen the recent
strength in China we'd very much
recommend that clients move to the
sidelines here that's the important
message from us
>> okay until you see any sort of
meaningful catalysts what about the AI
trade is that getting a bit tired now
too Jonathan
>> yes I think if you look at the uh
situation broadly in Asia in relation to
tech stocks which are overwhelmingly
tech hardware um that's a sector that's
valued roughly four times the overall
market so if you look at a metric like
price to sales it's trading about six
times price to sales the market overall
about one and a half that is a very big
valuation uh premium and it's probably
going to compress uh from here uh
obviously the capex story for now is is
very strong but remember that tech
historically has been a cyclical and I
guess the unknown is what happens to
that capex if the global economy you
know continues to slow and that's
certainly what's happening um it out in
in in Asia at the moment
Jonathan just as we've been speaking
here we've had a breaking news crossing
the terminal about China looking at
curbs or restrictions on stock
speculation this is really that that
move now to try and foster more steady
gains in the market instead of what has
been sort of a quite a significant rally
over the past few months. Proposed
measures for instance include the
removal of some short selling curves,
options as well to reign in speculative
trading to prevent heavy losses.
Interesting as well because we have seen
uh some investors moving back into
snowball derivatives. But what's your
take? I mean not so much on this story,
you haven't read it, but but about that
sort of appreciation. You're talking
about the valuations. What do you make
of Chinese valuations right now?
Well, I've covered onshore and offshore
China for over 20 years now. Work very
closely with my colleague uh Laura Wang,
who I think is on your show uh quite a
bit. And I think we've been quite clear
that our view is is differentiated from
some of our competitors. Our base case
target for the CSI 300 is 4,000. Again,
it comes back to earnings. We're not in
a broad reflation in China. Earnings
growth is going to be mids single digits
at best for the ashare market. uh and
valuations at the current spot price are
about 14 and a half times forward, which
is not, you know, incredibly expensive,
but it's it's certainly above recent
average valuation levels. Uh and Laura
and I publish every Friday a kind of
indicator that looks at things like
margin, account opening, some of those
things that you just discussed. And I
haven't read your story, but in the
piece that we published last Friday,
these were starting to look quite
extended. In fact, they were broadly as
extended at the top of the rally last
September. H and we uh noted that um
last September, you know, basically a
year ago. Um at a time again when there
was, I think, too much optimism about
this year being characterized by border
reflation in China. One other key point
to watch is I think you put up just
before I came on your show a chart of
the currency against the market. I I'd
really recommend looking at at the bond
yields. There's been a secular bull
market in bonds in China for some time
now, consistent with low nominal GDP
growth. And those bond yields at the
10-year maturity have come off the
floor, but very very slowly. And in this
last week, they've stopped rising. Um,
and that's telling you that the
consistent with the published economic
data on China, that there is not a broad
reflation narrative here. So, we've got
interesting what we call alpha
opportunities, things like China
involution for example, but there's not
a broad reflation story in this market.
All right, Jonathan, we'll have more on
this uh anti-evolution like here.
Jonathan Garner, chief Asia and emerging
market equity strategist at Morgan
Stanley. He's staying with us. Coming
up, we got the aviation outlook with the
chief commercial officer at Qatar
Airways and whether they're seeing
Chinese demand growing. He's going to be
speaking with Averil at the Goldman
Sachs conference here today. We're also
counting down the open of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. This
is the China show.
[Music]
We're checking China futures here right
now. Of course, as we look at uh right
now, we see a bit little bit of a popup,
but we come back off here on uh this
story that we've been tracking here
about regulators are considering a
number of cooling measures for the stock
market here in China as they grow
concerned about the speed and of course
the fact that they gained 10% on CSI 300
in just August alone. Uh they're looking
at everything as you mentioned, right?
These short selling curves that could be
removed as well right now.
>> Yeah, that's right. And you are seeing
the market reaction to that. I mean
you've seen some moves in futures for
instance just as we head into the open
and also the offshore yuan just edging a
little bit low that you can see though
relatively unchanged I guess.
>> Yep. Let's bring in Jonathan Garner.
He's still with us here right now to
talk us through some of the as you
mentioned Jonathan about the fact that
you know Chinese bond yields picked up
just a little bit here in the face of
anti-involution the like and amidst this
whole equity rally it's not really quite
pricing and reflation just yet was your
last call. But a lot of people argue
what what is driving this equity market
in China is the whole retail part of
this that you know household savings and
the excess amount that's been piled up
during the pandemic and the like are
finally going to get deployed and given
how low interest rates are in China here
right now. H how much weight should we
put on that narrative?
>> Um not very much frankly. Um if if you
look at Japan um you could have said the
same thing for 20 years as rates
eventually went to zero but uh
households quite wisely in a
deflationary environment continued to
hold on to their uh cash. Uh and I think
that's um an important thing to remember
here. You know, you don't want to really
deploy your cash unless the stock market
offers you attractive earnings growth
and and dividend growth. And and I think
the jury is still out on that in
relation to to China. So um I don't tend
to find those funds flow arguments very
compelling. And of course there are
other opportunities we mentioned bonds
but there's also a global bull market in
gold for example which is accessible to
Chinese households as well and is a
store of value.
>> What about then institutional investors?
I mean some of the analysts we're
speaking to are saying that they're
starting to see institutional funds
coming back in just even in the last few
weeks in quite a big way.
Are you referring to offshore
institutions or onshore institutions?
>> Yes. No, offshore.
>> Offshore. So yeah, it's certainly the
case that offshore uh holdings of China
a shares have moved to very low levels
uh over the last 3 to four years and and
at the margin there is there is some
interest. I think that's part of the
overall debate about valuations in the
US and uh valuations in international
equities and yes there's some kind of
diversification happening there. But
again, China is just part of a a global
story there. If you look at the flows
into, for example, European equities or
other large uh geographies in equities,
they're far larger.
Jonathan, you and Laura always talk
about, you know, you you still need
longer term view of China is that you
still need earnings projections that are
resilient. You still need uh economic
fundamentals to improve. You just came
out with a report on the earning season
so far in China. What have you found so
far?
Well, well, there is good news. I mean,
that we're now finally tracking in line
with analysts expectations after
basically three straight years of
earnings misses. So, the analysts have
finally, I think, got their minds into a
understanding the underlying
deflationary environment. And to just to
be clear about that, if it's 4% nominal
GDP growth, then companies that are able
to grow 6 to 8% are actually doing quite
well and 10% doing very well. M
>> and so I think the name of the game here
just as it was in Japan during its
troubled two decades was really it was
really about stock selection and that's
what we try to do for our clients stock
and sexist selection within an overall
difficult macro environment.
>> What about your views on on India as
well? I mean you've said that they're in
a secular bull market despite some
near-term challenges. Some of those
challenges of course relate to trade and
just overnight we had them cutting the
consumption tax to try and help the
economy. Do you do you see that sort of
shift toward domestic consumption being
something that could boost the stock
market?
>> Uh yes and in India's case nominal GDP
growth is running at around 10 to 12%.
So that's two to three times that of
China. Uh and certainly if you think
about GDP per capita being so much lower
uh the ability to integrate labor in
India into the global economy broadly
speaking uh these are very sort of
bullish themes. Um what we had late last
year was some central bank tightening
and government capex spending was quite
weak. Now you're actually getting not
just monetary support but fiscal support
including the GST cut that you
mentioned. So it's very likely that
earnings will swing up on a cyclical
basis from here and valuations have come
down uh quite a bit. It's still an
expensive market, but deservedly so
given the trend earnings growth, but it
has derated by essentially about five
forward PE points from the top, which
was a year ago. So, it is quite an
interesting market to look at here.
>> Um, real quickly though, Jonathan, the
the tariff headlines, right? I think
this is the reason why we've seen net
selling from international investors.
The fact that they're still facing 50%
tariffs from the US, is that going to
continue to be a big overhang for this
market?
Well, foreign investors have been
selling Indian equities and domestic
investors have been buying for um better
part of two years now and and part of
the reason was this debate about
valuations and the cyclical outlook and
it has been through a cyclical downturn.
The tariff thing is is more recent but
it's important to point out that India
exports um to the US in terms of of
goods is maybe 2% of GDP. It's
relatively small. uh and I think if you
look at India, China, the fact they've
resumed direct flights uh and the fact
that there's a kind of a thoring of the
relationship between India and China
somewhat offsets that so there's no very
large shock coming India's way on the
export side overall.
>> Yes, certainly signs of a promo even
over the weekend but that was with
Jonathan Garner there our chief Asia and
emerging market equity strategist at
Morgan Stanley. We'll have plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Premarket is looking like this. Looks
like we are likely to snap out of two
days of losses in the hang here today.
We're up about 610 of 1%. Tech seems to
be catching a bid here right now given
what we saw the record sort of with
Alphabet uh overnight. Apple as well
certainly saw some big moves as well. So
certainly that maybe helps with the
whole AI theme here today as well at
71416. We're still tracking of course
this story about China weighing some
curves on when it comes to this equity
rally.
>> Yeah, exactly. Trying to essentially
pull it back in a little bit, but some
of the things as well we're tracking in
the session is is going to be property
stocks as well. Sunhung Kai reporting
later today.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show this morning and we're just about
to have the markets opening here. I
mean, it's been a very interesting
morning with a big Bloomberg scoop
actually just in the last few minutes.
So, $1.2 trillion, that's the size of
the rally we've seen since the start of
August. Now the question is just how
comfortable are regulators feeling with
that sort of pace of movement? Is it too
far too fast? And do we need to see some
measures just to try and cool it down a
little? Yeah, it seems like according to
the script that they are looking into
some of these measures, right?
Everything from removal of short selling
curbs and the like. So certainly they
want to continue with this slow sort of
bull run to actually bring some more
confidence back into this market uh as
well and really as you say bring that
virtuous cycle uh across the rem as well
that one asset class can actually help
the other that certainly is an
interesting sort of dynamic and shift
that we've seen uh from Beijing when it
comes to their strategy moving forward
here. So that certainly is one theme
that we're watching very closely. of
course the macro side of things. We're
still tracking of course uh this
reversal that we've saw seen in the bond
selloff here after that jolts data as
well. Uh also when it comes uh to that
JGB bond sale in Japan for the 30-year
that certainly are the key risks at
least before we get to that jobs report.
So there's still a lot to happen in the
next 48 hours or so. But right now we
are seeing at least the onshore markets
are slightly to the upside when it comes
to CSI 300. We're just up just what a
tenth of 1%. uh but right now we're
watching very closely the long end of
the yield curve in China as well because
uh given just what we've been seeing uh
with the retreat on equities we have
seen actually those bond yields now on
the 10-year actually retreat back to
those twoe lows so that is one thing
that Jonathan Garner was mentioning from
Morgan Stanley that all everyone's
pricing anti-evolution and that this
could lead to maybe reflation you that
melt was quite marginal as he says so uh
that's one thing to watch there but 174
for your China 10ear yield here this
morning we're tracking of oil prices
just given the fact that we have seen
reports that possibly OPEC plus maybe
heading into this weekend meeting here
and looking to maybe boost supplies that
currently is what the reason why some of
these oil uh stocks are slightly lower
here in the region today we're watching
the likes of Qua Maltai Capricorn these
are some of the stocks of course that a
lot of of traders have been eyeing on
here uh when it comes to these
southbound flows and the like so
certainly one thing to watch not
southbound flows but say what they're
looking at in the Asshare market you
take a look when it comes to Hong Kong
looking a little bit better than onshore
here this morning hangs saying is up
4/10 of 1%. HS Tech is doing quite well
here today. We're seeing some decent
gains when it comes to BU. Alibaba is
heading the different direction here.
Mtoan with a pretty interesting take
from Areete uh Sha Yang downgrading that
stock yesterday. Uh now he sees a price
target about 94 I believe uh there and
that certainly is a sign that maybe the
lowest on the street there right now. Uh
we're at 101 for the stock. So obviously
we'll be tracking a little bit more on
the consumption space. SBI just came out
with a big report about uh the trends
there. Uh and of course we're watching
earnings which is very uh telling as
well given what we've been seeing. Uh
Sanong Kai is the next one to watch. So
the stock is slightly up leading up to
those results here as well. We did just
hear from Henderson Land the CFO
yesterday speaking to us at the B&B
Paraba uh summit and he talked about
look it it seems like the residential
property side of things is bottoming out
in some ways as well. I think we've seen
four months where new home prices have
actually improved uh here in the city.
So maybe we could see some decent
results coming through for Sunai
themselves as well. We mentioned about
the oil story as well as see how these
Chinese oil stocks are doing. It's a
mixed picture how you look at it here
right now. But Petrochina uh Costco
shipping energy that's slightly up here
this morning and we're watching China
fiber optic stocks right. So what we
heard from China was that they were
imposing these levies on the US optical
fiber imports as well uh because of
anti-dumping. So that certainly is what
we're looking at very closely. So some
of these domestic players are rallying
quite well here today, Bill.
>> Yeah, really interesting. It's really
that question of of these trade tensions
and as well how China plans to fight
back against the US and and one of the
ways that they're planning to do that is
trying to boost consumption, which is
why you mentioned that BI report, but
why it's so interesting because the
Bloomberg Intelligence report
essentially finds that the consumption
outlook is still not sustainable as a
growth engine. Let's get more on it now
with our senior analyst at Bloomberg
Intelligence, Katherine Lim is joining
us this morning, usually in Singapore,
but here in Hong Kong this morning. So,
Katherine, I mean, it's a really great
report, very lengthy as well and
detailed and worth reading, but it but
what you say is that is that essentially
the the outlook is falling short of
consensus and closing the gap. It's
really not enough to rely on subsidies
that we've seen for things like
smartphones or cars or appliances.
>> Yeah, you know, we are stepping into a
very high base. Manabelle, if you
recall, we've seen the subsidies coming
in the same um second half of last year.
So, trying to actually overcome this
hurdle right now. I think this is where,
you know, the biggest question lie. Can
um do you know, China get more people to
buy more cars, you know, smartphones out
there? And they've actually dangled the
carrots with consumption loans. Um
they've actually dangled service
businesses with loans. And really my
take is that you know I'm a little more
skeptical about the consumption loans
because you know culturally we're just
not really you know a group of consumers
who borrow just to spend just to buy
smartphones for instance. But I think
the service um sector business loan is
something worth um looking into because
number one it creates employment and
then you know it actually helps keep the
consumption um sentiment upbeat
depending on um you know what what are
the perks um the promotions out there.
We've seen it from the um you know
online platforms um when it comes to
food and on demand delivery. So um lots
of moving parts but again you know at
this juncture itself as we step out of
the results season I think most of the
companies would concur that August
hasn't been a great month when it comes
to consumer spending.
>> Yeah you highlight about the structural
changes uh right now whether it's
fitness trends as you mentioned uh
affordable premium goods there also is
this whole redirected tourism sort of
theme going on. How do you think that
could give in terms of longer term? How
does it change the picture for the
consumption space and which is probably
the biggest you know driver
>> for markets? I think really the focus on
consumers right now it's about the
experiences and the message you've got
to now convince them to spend and they
are willing you know even to spend on
premium um sports goods you know things
that's actually whether it's um ons or
artex or solomon for that matter u more
importantly I think you know the
communication and that's where social
media comes into play um you know in the
entire environment right now the
messaging of um by the brand companies
by the retailers and why you should
actually be spending and we're going to
actually see more of that coming through
from the uh various retailers and
consumer goods companies into 2026.
>> What's the role of of digital platforms
here? I mean we've had so much focus on
on the food delivery price wars between
JD, Mtoan, Alibaba, but you still see
them playing a a very critical role,
>> right? Well, they're going to be huge
and clearly I think directionally they
are all um aiming to be the to go-to
platform for all services, all purchases
out there and that is where that is the
stage that we are in right now whereby
they are now in a in a in a stage that
they're trying to convince and build
loyalty among the Chinese consumers that
they are the two goto. It's going to
take time and that's why they are
investing. Mtoan's going to go into
losses this quarter as we speak right
now. Um you know I think um Alibaba
likewise as well even though they seem
more confident about you know improving
the um operating economics and they
clearly have a huge user base from TAO
you know from so many years itself. So,
we really have to see whether that
loyalty sticks beyond singles day and we
all know that that is the next big thing
for Alibaba and they're going to go all
out and um you know trying to actually
break down you know memberships um
across their various platforms into the
what I see as potentially a very very
strong user base um that can create
loyalty for Alibaba. Yeah, as you
mentioned right the it's so much focus
on this battle for market share uh when
it can actually shift to kind of
profitability and sustainable
profitability. Katherine, it was great
to have you here to bring us this
report. Katherine Lim there, our
Bloomberg intelligence senior analyst.
Make sure to check out their report
there with our Bloomberg economics team
uh there on the terminal as well. Uh to
that Bloomberg scoop right now. Of
course, uh China's financial regulators
are set to be considering cooling
measures for the stock market as they
grow concerned about the speed of the
rally. Let's get to our Asia stocks
managing Ed Lanting too. She joins us
now from Singapore uh with more. We've
talked about this sort of slow burn and
slow sort of equity rally that it seems
like regulators want to engineer here
right now. What more do we know on the
measures that could be put in place?
>> Yeah, indeed. I think uh you know the
military parade is really a bit of a
watermark moment after that uh leading
leading up to that I should say there's
a lot of effort to maintain the
stability of the market but after that
there's going to be a bit of you know
efforts to re in any speculation that's
according to uh people familiar with the
matter this measures that uh that are
mowled by the regulators include um you
know removal of some short selling
curves that got placed late last year.
There's also other efforts for brokers
uh to refrain from aggressively
marketing their roundthe-clock services
to help open new stock accounts and also
social media platforms were alerted not
to um you know aggressively publicize
contents uh to uh to to publicize um um
to I would say talk up the bull market.
Um and so all these things I think are
just sending a signal from the
government that they are really taking
it seriously that they want to protect
retail investors this time around to not
storm into the market and potentially
get burned. Uh the episode that we saw
in 2015.
>> Yeah, it's really interesting this
desire and these these comparisons that
are continually being made back to 2015
which was a period where a lot of retail
investors were actually burned. This
time around though and we just were
speaking with Jonathan Garner for
instance who's saying that narrative is
being overplayed and actually it's it's
it's it's
smart money that's piling in whether
it's high net worth individuals
corporate investors as well. I mean do
we need to to or do regulators need to
be as concerned about that strength of
the appreciation they've seen this time?
>> Yeah, I think overall there is a key
difference here. Um, in 2015, the
regulators don't really have much of a
tool to curb uh excessive rally or to uh
stop the rally from running too fast.
But this time around, they actually do
have several tools uh uh in their
toolbox. Uh one would be the ETF
holdings that uh Hu Jing has. Hu Jing is
a unit of China's sovereign wealth fund.
And because of all the supportive
measures, they have now accumulated $180
billion
uh worth of index funds. So they could,
you know, release some of that or sell
some of that to curb uh any uh
overheating signs in the in the equities
rally. So I would say you know that is
sort of the the main and the new thing
that we're seeing in the market to give
uh people some confidence that the the
regulators this time could actually be
successful in reigning in some of the uh
overheating um signs of the market.
Leanting thanks very much. I mean it's
great exclusive already the most read on
the terminal. I'm sure it's going to
stay there all day but that was our Asia
Stocks managing editor Leanting too
there in Singapore and we'll have plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Turning now to the aviation
industry. And as the summer travel
season wraps up, we're taking a closer
look at the outlook for airlines for the
rest of the year. Let's bring in April
Hong. She is at the Goldman Sachs Asia
Leaders Conference with our next guest,
April.
>> Indeed. Ladies, joining me now is Tierry
Antinori, chief commercial officer at
Kata Airways. Very nice to see you,
Thierry.
>> Good morning.
>> So, you're here at the conference.
Obviously, China, Hong Kong is of
significant importance for Karta, but
talk to us how that fits into the
strategy for the airways. Yes, I am here
in Hong Kong because uh Asia is very
important for Kata Airways and the Hong
Kong market very important for Kataways.
I am also here because today there is a
conference yesterday and today about the
Qatar vision 2030 with with bankers,
investors and business people, trade
people and Qatar as airline of the state
of Qatar is part of the infrastructure
of uh Qatar and we contribute to the
vision of this country. So, China very
important. It's also a market that
you've always wanted to fly more into.
We've seen recently the disruptment of
these air traffic rides. I think Qatar
got seven out of that. How did you feel
about that? Is that something that came
as a bit of a disappointment?
>> Asia is very important for us. It's 55%
of the worldwide population, more than
30% of the worldwide GDP. Kataware is a
global player in Asia Pacific. We have
90 destination in Asia, Pacific and
Middle East. Um and uh of course China
as a biggest economy in uh in Asia is
from outmost importance for us and we
fly six cities to China. We got now
additional traffic rise to operate a
second daily flight from uh DA to
Shanghai this winter. So we are looking
forward and Hong Kong is a very strong
market also for us. We operate 37 weekly
frequencies with cargo.
>> So looking forward what is the pipeline
for expansion for China Hong Kong.
>> The the pipeline is to continue to uh to
grow with the Shanghai flight
additional Shanghai flight I was
mentioning is also continue to grow in
the cargo operations. We are the second
largest uh cargo airline in the great
Bay Area. We operate also nine flights a
day a week to Macau on top of 37 weekly
to uh to Hong Kong. And we have now a
strategic partnership that will be
signed next week with China
formalized. It's it's a known
partnership. It will formalize next week
where China is a strategic partner and
Shu Kataw is a strategic partner uh to
uh work together on logistic between
GBAs and Latin America and Europe. So we
are very proud of that. It's part of the
strategic expansion we have through the
cargo harm of Kataways uh with China.
>> Your CEO also talked about more
investments. Where are some of the
potential countries or regions that this
could happen in? And are you thinking
about acquiring stakes in other
carriers? We just uh make make two
acquisition uh uh directed and led by
our group co bad almir uh one in
Australia recently 25% of virgin
Australia and one in um in in Africa and
it's very important in air link why
because if you look the modern silk road
between China and Africa and Latin
America da is on the way so the best way
to connect now China for passengers but
also or cargo to Africa is is through
DHA the best herb in Middle East and a
very comprehensive network of kata
airways from China to Africa where we
operate 30 destination with bellies and
where we have the strategic partnership
with Airlink.
>> What about India? What's the the India
play for Kata? Are you also potentially
looking at exploring stakes in Indian
carriers? India is very important as a
market because we spoke about China if
you and we spoke about Africa if you
combine China Africa and India you have
more than 50% of the worldwide
population India offers the biggest
diaspora of citizen all around the world
so it's a strategic country we fly to
more than 10 cities there so it's an
important country we have a partnership
uh with an airline there Indico uh but
we are working in this frame without
having intention to make any
shareholding according my knowledge.
>> Okay. Uh we talking about your business
strategy in relation to geographies.
What about the demand you're expecting
for the fourth quarter of this year in
relation to bookings relative to
capacity? Is it likely to be better than
what we saw a year ago? You think
>> uh we have a very uh good demand and a
very good outlook in the passenger
business. M
>> so we are satisfied with that and we'll
communicate more precise number soon but
we have now five months in our financial
year starting in April
>> and the passenger performance is solid
with a solid outlook regarding cargo the
situation globally is a bit more
volatile but we manage it also uh
according our plan because we have a
strong agility are redeploying our
assets and our 28 aircraft freighter
fleets
>> and solid outlook then for passengers
yields as well is the expectation.
>> The revenue outlook is is solid. Yes.
>> Okay. Um what about when it comes to
some of the other bits and pieces of the
puzzle? I mean we have lower oil prices.
Is that something that's being included
in your pricing strategy that's being
passed on to travelers?
>> Everything is including for us Katar as
a fivestar rated airline operating a
five-star rated global hub. the only
global hub in Middle East rated
five-star. It's about to deliver the
best value of money and to adapt to the
context. The consumer has to enjoy and
uh the best value of money in premium
cabin as well in economic cabin through
the best airport in Middle East and one
of the best airport in the world. And
it's our job to adjust according the
context. uh we have it's like in a
cockpit you know you have weather radars
and we have also in our management
cockpit uh radars and one of the element
of radars are looking as a fuel price
but there is other elements and at the
end it's about to continue to to
progress with the customer experience
customer satisfaction and the demand for
the product of Katar is growing and
growing so people want to fly Katar
Airways and they like our brand
>> it's a strong brand undeniably.
Uh what is your sense of what we're
seeing in slowing plane deliveries? I
mean there was a mega Boeing order. Is
what we're seeing in plane deliveries
something that could affect growth
prospects at all or is that less of a
concern for Kata?
>> Oh, thank you for mentioning this order.
210 aircraft white bodies the largest
ever wbody aircraft in the story of
Boeing. And so it set up the stage for
the growth of cutways for the 15 to 20
next years. And we are absolutely
confident that uh everything will be
delivered according the plan and we
fully trust our partners at Katar.
>> Looking forward to seeing all that as
well. Tiari, it's been a pleasure. Thank
you so much for sharing your time with
us and the plans for the company. Tiari
Antonori is chief commercial officer at
Carter Airways. Bel,
>> thanks April. Yeah, great interview
there. And of course, if you're a
subscriber or you want to rewatch uh
that conversation, you can via our
interactive TV function, TV go. You can
also become part of the conversation by
sending us instant messages. So check it
out at TV go. We'll have plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, Bloomberg's learned that Apple's
planning to launch its own AI powered
web search tool next year, stepping up
competition with OpenAI and Perplexity.
Sources say it will be integrated into
the Siri voice assistant. This is a I
mean, it's a really great story from
Mark. Of course, people familiar Mark
Herman is is certainly our resident
Apple expert, but I mean it's it's it's
certainly been an interesting evolution
for for Siri itself. I mean, right now
it's it's relatively basic. I mean, it
can answer questions about maybe like
someone who's famous or events or time.
Yeah. What time? Yeah. Okay. Like if you
don't have a watch or an Apple Watch,
but but it definitely does struggle with
more complex queries and so Siri has
sort of become emblematic of of their
shortcomings in AI and now it's I guess
how they're looking to to rethink that
or or or to move past it. Yeah, I think
how to revamp Siri is has always been a
long sort of debate and certainly
they're they're getting closer to that
right now and I think they kind of want
to make it more like a search tool,
right? And they're working with the
likes of Google and what they already do
with their AI overviews on their search
engines and I think that's quite
exciting as well. But but finally, we're
seeing some signs that they're trying to
at least narrow the gap with the rest of
the pack.
>> Yeah. And it's really interesting well
the partnership with Google itself. I
mean first so we had the ruling for
instance in the US this week that that
they actually could continue to work
with each other. So that was a win for
Apple of course but also what's
interesting and what came out of this
story from Mark German is is that Google
actually wasn't the initial front runner
in this project at all. Apple was
actually looking to work with Anthropic
but the issue became that Anthropic was
looking for too much money. So they were
looking for around one.5 billion dollars
a year but Google turns out a little bit
more open to some favorable financial
terms.
>> Yeah. There was also that ruling in the
courts for Alphabet as well, right, that
they don't have to sell Chrome. So that
only led to the stock to go to a record.
Apple also was up some 4% as well.
That's really helping a little bit of
the tech space here today. Coming up,
E-Hong CFO Connor Yang, this is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Second
hour, here's a look at the CSI 300. A
half hour into the session. It looks
like we are heading lower here this
morning by about 1%. You got to wonder,
I mean, we have this military parade
that is now over. And then now this
latest scoop from Bloomberg that
regulators are looking to maybe look at
some curves on stock speculation and
really try to slow down the gains that
we've seen in this equity rally. Maybe
that's why we are seeing a bit of
pressure on onore today. Yeah, I think
it's going to be really interesting just
how how this sort of story develops and
whether we get any confirmation from the
Chinese side. What sort of measures
would they be looking to take because I
think some of the concern sometimes
comes when when people are concerned
about heavy-handed intervention from
China because that hasn't always gone
too well. Uh but let's take a look at
what's happening across broad markets as
well in the session today. I mean,
there's a couple of different sectors
are watching. For instance, car makers.
We're actually seeing these declining
across the board here this morning. Even
though we saw preliminary retail car
sales rising 3% on the year, but but it
is that sort of big question. We're
we're heading into the end of the year.
Do we see a lot more discounting and and
what needs to happen to to boost uh
these car sales in the market? Uh let's
also take a look at solar stocks today
because there's a couple of different
themes as well. Firstly, there was a
ruling from the US trade court overnight
that the Biden era solar tariff
moratorum is invalid. of this
essentially was a 2-year pause on
tariffs on solar imports from Southeast
Asia. That's found to be unlawful and it
also needs to be vacated according to
the filing. So you are seeing again some
big gains here. Another story though was
also around uh this this finding or or
outcome from the SEO essentially that
they wanted to increase solar capacity.
So you are seeing in the session today
Asian equities still managing to stay in
the green and that's also another theme
here which is really around the jobs or
the jolts data because we saw it rising
or falling back down to a 10-month low.
Fed easing is certainly you know the key
question and that basically I mean a cut
this month is fully priced in now.
>> Yeah, it it maybe sense that you know
that the NFP on payrolls on Friday is
going to be a weak enough number for to
justify this rate cut in September. that
seems to be that the growing consensus
here right now and even people exploring
the fact that 50 basis points might
still be on the table. Uh it really
depends of how weak that jobs report is
going to get. Uh and certainly there is
that sort of August anomaly that
Bloomberg economics Wong highlighted
that usually you do see the data
undershoot consensus. Um she says that
might not happen this time around. So it
it's far from certain whether this NF
report is going to settle the whole rate
cut debate just yet.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And also, of course, it's
it's I mean, we've seen lots of
girrations in the bond market at the
long end of the curve, but but let's
talk about Japan as well. I mean, it's
it's the bond auction coming up. I think
we're going to get those results in the
next 90 minutes or so. And what's that
what's that bid to cover ratio going to
look like?
>> Yeah, I think it was around 343
was the last auction uh in August as
well. and and and whether if we even see
that if we meet that that still it may
not be able to appease the bond traders
out there just given the steepening
trend that we've seen globally across
bond markets right now and given what
we're seeing domestically in in Japan as
well. It's still a bit of a question
mark uh how long Ishiba can really stay
in power. So certainly there's a lot of
themes that we're tracking here today.
Let's bring in Mark Cranfield. Arm led
is joining us from Singapore with more.
Uh let's start with what we saw with
this Bloomberg scoop about, you know, Wu
Ching and from the CSRC might be looking
at ways to slow down this rally. Is this
going to be a pretty chilling sort of
news for many, you know, equity traders
out there? Now, Mark,
>> um I mean, let's let's say first of all,
the details uh are a bit vague. We don't
we don't know too much about it. Um but
certainly the idea that curbing
speculation you can see you can see why
investors in China would want to sell
first and ask questions later because if
you look over the past decade or so any
time that the Chinese authorities even
with the best intentions in mind have
come into the the Chinese equity markets
to try and bring a bit more sense to
what was a very frothy or overexited
markets. It hasn't ended well at all.
it's it's usually caused abrupt
sell-offs in the market. Um if you look
at some of the episodes in the the mid
like 2015 2016 around there during the
pandemic period as well. Um generally
it's been seen as rather heavy-handed
and it hasn't gone down well with the
investors at all. Of course um we would
like to see a little bit more of what
they really have in mind and maybe they
they're just thinking aloud. Maybe
they're just sending out a warning
signal to see exactly how the the market
does respond from that point of view.
But if they do go ahead and bring in
measures to try and curb it, they can
expect to see a fairly decent
retracement in the market which may end
up being just a healthy situation. The
market has got a bit of extended people
have been talking about leverage
numbers. Margin trading has gone very
very high again, probably the highest on
record in in China. That's a sign of
probably a lot of hot money that is
struggling to find its way into the
market. And some of these themes like
the AIdriven themes, even the new
robotics excitement as well, maybe
they're getting a little bit overdone
and time to for people to cool down a
little bit. But certainly uh they have
to tread a little bit carefully here
because Chinese markets are notorious
for going up very quickly, coming down
very quickly. So be careful how you
implement curbs on speculation would
probably be the message to the the
Chinese authorities at the moment.
>> What about uh in in in Japan? I mean,
we're talking about this bond auction.
We've got the results coming up in 90
minutes.
What are you going to be looking at in
terms of that bid to cover ratio in
particular?
>> Yeah, that's that's certainly as you
highlighted um anything below three
would certainly not be a good signal.
And we also have this thing called the
tail, which is the difference between
the highest and the lowest price in the
auction range. This year, it's been all
over the place in the third. We've had
eight 30-year auctions so far this year.
The tightest one had a tail of two pips
and the widest 75. That's crazy. I mean,
for a major government bond market to
have that kind of range really is almost
unprecedented. So, it just tells you
it's not a particularly popular
duration, the 30-year. Adding to the the
problem for it is the fact that over the
the past 2 or 3 years, Japanese yields
have been steadily climbing. They've
been issuing a lot of 30-year bonds. The
people that have been buying them, say
two years ago, are heavily underwater.
Now, typically what happens when you get
a new auction, some of the money which
comes in to support the new one is
people flipping out of the previous
ones. They want to have the most
up-to-date issues. That's becoming
increasingly difficult because people
don't want to realize the losses from
the bonds they bought previously. So
there's less money to support the new
auctions. That could make it a bit
tricky today because you some of the
natural buyers will have to be on the
sidelines because they don't want to
participate yet. Absolute yield levels
are as high as they've been for a couple
of decades. So in a way that's
supportive, but the international
picture is not that great either. It's
not just Japanese curve that's
steepening. France, UK, US, they're all
doing at the same time. It's possible
that today's auction itself may just
about pass the test. It may be okay, but
the secondary trading is going to be the
problem when you look across at the rest
of the world, which is not helping out.
And as you mentioned earlier, the
Japanese political situation is not
clearing up quickly. They really need to
get that sorted out as well. You got the
Bank of Japan coming up as well. They
would like to raise interest rates, but
they're doing a bit slow about doing it.
and the yen is a bit weaker than it
really is good for the market as well.
All of those things in the background
mean that even if the auction just about
goes through, the secondary trading is
probably going to be pretty tough for a
30-year that not many people really
want.
>> Yeah, especially you see that that
30-year yield which briefly touched that
record, right? 3.285% mark certainly is
going to be a big sort of uh headwind
here today. Mark, thank you. our M live
strategist Mark Cranfield joining us on
what to expect uh through the trading
session here today and of course uh more
really on China because you we talked to
a lot of guests yesterday uh whether
it's from the the Goldman Sachs uh
summit here or a conference I should say
or BMP parabo yesterday where I was and
there seems to be more of of an interest
at least from foreign investors they say
and clients themselves that are towards
this equity market right and it's no
doubt but Morgan Stanley just came up
with a note saying you know Chinese
equities received the biggest inflows
among emerging markets uh for the month
of August, right? just and really the
outflows were really morally in other
markets like Taiwan and India just goes
to show right there is an interest to
get back into this market whether it's
actual acid you know allocation into
this market is one thing but here's what
more from what our guest said
>> first of all liquidity savings on shore
as you know have uh recovered
dramatically in the last 18 months it's
a great component of the market
southbound flows as a result of that are
very very robust
Hong Kong still liquidity but the price
of money interest rates in ch in Hong
Kong have been extremely low. That's
encouraging investment opportunities. So
liquidity is a big one. I think the
second one is the lack of alternatives.
You know if you're investing in the
region China government bonds are
hovering around 1.6%.
Equities look pretty good
from our clients and investors is
sentiment has improved. China still
faces many challenges, but this rally in
the equity markets has got some legs.
>> Yes. So, some I guess they're talking
about further upside ahead possibly for
Chinese equities. It's interesting as
well. I mean, going back to that scoop
that they're looking at ways to make
that rally look a little bit more
sustainable maybe in China. This also
goes into to Shulie Ren's opinion piece
today because President Xi is someone
who's not really known for prioritizing
stock market returns. But as Shulie
says, our opinion columnist, she thinks
that there might be science that that's
changing. So she joins us now. And
surely I mean it's it's that key
question. I mean she needs the the the
the stock market to perform maybe a
little bit more than he did in the past.
>> Absolutely. in the five years uh uh in
the last five years China basically
entered a fertility crisis before the
pandemic 15 million babies were born
each year right last year was a dragon
year auspicious and not even 10 million
new babies were born it's a one-third
drop in fertility rate and if you look
at the demographics in 20 years time
there will be three uh there will be uh
one worker supporting three pensioners
that math just simply does not work and
the question is how will China so-called
socialist state support so many millions
and millions of retirees, right? Where
where will the wealth be generated? The
the housing market is not doing that
great, right? Like the economy is not
going to be doing that great and then
the demographics is not that great. So
the only way to create wealth as we are
seeing the United States is 401ks uh
people's uh uh stock portfolios and
that's why he has to make sure China's
stock market is not doing too bad.
>> I want to highlight what you just said.
One new worker supporting three new
pensioners.
>> Yes.
>> How can China pay for it social security
system?
>> Well, the stock market just like the US,
right? Like in the US the boomers are
the wealthiest, right? Like because of
the soaring value of their homes and
then their S&P 500 portfolios and what
you are seeing is that the China is
trying to do the US style. They they're
starting with this uh IRA accounts
similar to what what US has. But that's
why China needs to make sure that there
is a slow bull market because if we are
seeing crazy um rallies and uh busts
like what we saw in 2015, Chinese people
are not going to put that money into
their IAS.
>> And so I guess that again that need for
something that looks a little bit more
orderly also lends weight to to the our
scoop today at Bloomberg that they need
to have more of a modest or or more
gentle appreciation of the stock market.
>> Absolutely. I mean Americans expect the
S&P to rise like say 8 to 10% a year
every year right if the Chinese
households have that kind of
expectations they will put money into
the the retirement accounts and then
they will be able to retire as as of now
uh basically a lot of people cannot
retire
>> uh okay Shulie thank you Shul Ren there
our Bloomberg opinion uh columnist there
talking a little about why President Xi
uh it has to love this rally here right
now and really talking about the
structural challenges that we're seeing
there as well I'm Still ahead on the
China show, we're talking more about
what Beijing's military parade yesterday
tells us about the purges in the
People's Liberation Army.
But first, we are speaking with the CFO
of E-Hang on the latest in its flying
taxi business. That exclusive interview
coming up next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All
right, take a look now at E-Hang. This
is, of course, the Chinese aviation
company that makes flying taxis and
passengers can be carried in their
bubble-like automated electric aircraft
maybe pretty soon as it flies over
cities. They already had some trials in
some cities in China, Guangjo, Hoay, the
like there. So certainly there's a lot
of optimism and a lot of attention to
this space here as well. The company
also reported second quarter earnings
last week with revenue up 44%
year-on-year. Joining us exclusively on
set is Connor Yang, CFO of E-Hung.
Joining us here, Connor, it's good to
see you.
>> Um I I had to bring back what what
happened just a few weeks ago when you
mentioned in your earnings about really
cutting the the sales outlook for not
just 2025 but really the next three
years as well.
This is coming a time when you're saying
Yihong is really benefiting from all the
development that's going on in China.
Can you square those two sort of things
now?
>> Uh yes, we are just um we're adjusting
our revenue to 500 million R&B this year
and uh just for this year, not for the
next three years. We're still very
positive for the uh
>> but the volume sales you've actually cut
down, right?
>> Uh no, we just adjust our revenue
revenue for 2025. Okay. Yeah, we are
redefining our strategy. Uh instead of
uh accelerating uh order delivery, we
are placing top priority in building up
a service support for our customers.
Yeah, we we believe that uh um we want
to ensure our customer they purchase our
eval can have a safe, orderly and
regular uh commercial operations. Yeah,
we believe in u disciplined and
long-term value creation. So that's why
uh we believe that we are building up um
a near 100 uh ground crew team uh to
support to have a better support to our
customer for next year. So um next year
we are still quite positive. We just
just done. So it's kind of a timing
issue.
>> So then how does that also feed into
your expectation around the deployment
and and the scaling up of this
technology? Where are you at right now
and how do you also see that changing
over the next few years?
uh right uh because the passenger carry
Evito you know it's a brand new industry
and the safety is the utmost important
thing and uh so we'll have a stepby-step
approach so first step uh we're using
our iT uh scenic area um so lots of
there are over 15,000 uh senior spot in
China that are a rated or above so there
are great demand for that using ivito
for uh aerial sightseeing so we have a
uh seen that our customer in many many
places across our China that had uh
purchased our evito for aerial sizing.
That's the first step. So after a period
of time operation in the scenic areas uh
for evito then we should be able to see
uh gradually um expand into like for
flying from point A to point B which
means transportation.
>> When does that happen? Um uh the
authority didn't indicate uh when can we
do that but we're expecting maybe after
one the next year of uh operation in the
scenic area we should be able to expand
into a point A to point B. Uh take
overseas development for example right
now we are conducting a so-called
sandbox uh trial flight in Thailand and
also in UAE. So we're going to do that
the local authority in Thailand also
that in UAE you know uh we plan to do
that later part of September or October
you know after we fly um a period of
time let's say two months a safe flight
in that particular area the local
authority will allow us to fly from
point A to point B it could uh be like a
area sizing could be a transportation so
once we believe that the overseas
development like this will have a very
big uh um positive impact uh back to
China. So that's the first step from
point A to point B providing uh like a
transportation
for example providing a shuttle services
from uh airport to various location in
the downtown will save a lots of time
right and next step ultimate goal is to
have uh providing the air taxi services
>> but that will require uh extensive
building up of uh infrastructure in the
city for landing pad e port and the
command control system digital system to
control all these evalto flight in the
low attitude space. So that might take
uh quite some time so that but that we
believe we'll get there ultimately.
>> Yeah. JP War had a very interesting note
about the company of how you have this
secret weapon which is you were the
first to to snag all of these CAC
certificates in China as well and really
giving you that first mover advantage
here uh to to be number one in the
industry essentially. um how I mean it
seems like other rivals right now I mean
you obviously see the likes of X Pong
and some of these big names are kind of
delving into the space but they're still
maybe a few years behind
>> how do you maintain that lead right now
do you see any sort of hiccups in terms
of execution in the next few few months
or years
>> right uh being the first company in
China as well as globally in the evol
industry to attempt all the required
certificate you know we are the first
company and uh because we start this
this uh uh product this research this
development very very early you know
even as early as 2016 we launched the
world's first uh uh human carry uh ivito
you know in the C show in Las Vegas so
we obtained all these certificate in
late 2003 and also early part of 2004
with that we have a first mo advantage
you know aviation we are in the aviation
industry aviation it's a highly
regulated it's a a high entry barrier
industry yeah therefore eventually
definitely would not like EV car you
know you you see all the margin uh
squeezing we believe you know we are
having like a 60% above gross margin uh
continue that should be um sustainable
so with the first mover advantage first
of all that we'll eventually we'll scale
up um the production and delivery you
know before even when the our peers are
getting licensed few years later and in
this few years time is a critical period
to have like a market share For example,
when we use the IVTO in the uh area
sizing spots, right, all the the sizing
places if they want to acquire uh EVTO,
they will purchase our products first.
Yeah. And uh when it come to uh
transportation to provide public
transportation for any city that u I
believe in each city only will have one
or two uh operator to work with and we
will be the first one and we will we
will occupy the u the important spot and
uh we have established many important
partnership with various city across
China. So this first year mover
advantage you know to ensure our success
in China and also globally we see uh our
global peers and like job archer in US
>> they're also going through the uh
certificate process and it probably will
still take some time but the global
demand uh interest is strong as I
mentioned that Thailand uh surrounding
area Malaysia, Indonesia uh uh you know
uh Singapore, Vietnam, Cambodia they're
all watching Thailand's sandbox uh uh
trial flight once we can start the first
uh globally possibly you know point fly
from point A to point B in overseas
that's in Thailand the following
countries the surrounding country will
follow you know we'll see a great order
to comes in and same thing uh we we are
expecting in the UAE our partner in UAE
also preparing for the sandbox trial
flight yeah one success middle east is
the UAE is a great showcase in the
Middle East and the surrounding Korea
>> just quickly Tesla dominated in the
infrastructure side as a as a first
mover. What's your plan as you roll out
the infrastructure on the ground to to
also make your mark in China but also
globally?
>> Right. The infrastructure uh right now a
lots of uh in China for example lots of
stateowned construction company they're
extremely interested in this area. So
they'll be working with the local
government to build the infrastructure,
lending pair, vertapore and you know in
various uh uh locations and we will be
working with them. Uh so once it become
a public transportation uh we will be
the service provider and we're
interested in doing that. Uh we'll
render infrastructure from those uh
providers. Yeah. So uh the whole value
chain infrastructure is an important
player and there are many company that
dedicate in that area and globally also
that uh uh there are local construction
companies are interested in doing that.
>> All right well Connor thanks very much
for joining us this morning. That was
Connor Young there CFO of E-Hung joining
us exclusive interview then we'll have
plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. We're just about an
hour away from that 30-year bond auction
in Japan. And certainly there's going to
be a lot of focus on what sort of demand
is going to be out there here today
after what we saw. Right. So the record
high when it comes to the 30-year yield.
We're briefly just slightly lower here
this morning uh after what we've been
seeing in this bond reversal globally
after that jolts report from the US. But
certainly a lot of questions about the
demand. The 10-year bond auction was
actually quite good. Two-year wasn't so
good. So you know what does it mean? But
but really long end is where we're
seeing the most pressure here right now.
>> Yeah. And a big big focus as you said on
that bid to cover ratio. anything under
three, you know, that is a cause for
concern. And it's been the global bond
dynamics, of course, lots of concerns
around the fiscal sustainability. Do
governments or will governments be
prepared to reign in their spending? But
also concerns about the domestic
pressures that Prime Minister Ishba is
facing at home as well.
>> Yeah, I mean, he had a meeting with UEA
yesterday and maybe sending a signal of
coordination between the government and
and BOJ, but then again, the deputy
governor just a few days ago didn't
really sound that hawkish either when it
comes to rate hikes. So certainly that
was a disappointment for the market as
well. Here's how the rest of the markets
are doing. US futures are punching a bit
higher here today. The dollar is flat.
Uh you're seeing actually mostly green
across the board here. But we are seeing
Asia doing relatively speaking okay. Uh
but the oil space is interesting given
the drop in oil. There was this report
that OPEC plus might be considering uh
boosting some supplies in that week
meeting. Uh but also China. That's where
we're seeing our Bloomberg scoop where
things are now sending a bit of a
chilling sort of signal here to the
market that maybe things need to slow
down a bit. You are seeing the Hang Sang
down about half 1% but onshore you're
seeing the CSI 300 and Shanghai
Composite lower by more than 1% right
now.
>> Yeah, that's right. So, it's this
Bloomberg scoop we had essentially where
we're understanding or learning from
sources that that officials could be
looking at ways to slow down the rally.
And of course, no investor really likes
any sign of of heavy-handed intervention
in China. But let's also take take a
look at what's happening in the US
because President Trump has insinuated
that trade agreements with economies
including the EU, Japan, and South Korea
would be axed. That's if his global
tariffs are ultimately ruled illegal by
the US court system. Trump said on
Wednesday that the duties gave him
leverage to strike deals with major
trading partners that saw the US raise
import taxes on their products without
retaliation. And they gave the US a
chance to be quote unbelievably rich
again. Now, Petrobas says that there is
a lot of demand for their products in
Asia, which puts it in a favorable
position to withstand the US trade war.
Speaking to Bloomberg, the CEO says
India, for example, is open to buying
any product that Pedro Brass can export
to the country.
In the case of Petro, we export very
little to the United States.
So even if we were reached but by this
50% our export would be easily directed.
We have India, China, Asia they all
demand a lot our products. So we
wouldn't be very difficult to remmanage
but we explore to the United States. We
like these exports and we buy a lot of
things from the United States as well
and we're going to continue doing it.
When you look at the global landscape,
the president has also put high tariffs
on India trying to pressure them to stop
buying crude from Russia. Could that be
an opportunity for more petrogass
exports?
Well, India for example, it introduces
itself into
as a procurer of any product that we
want to export there as a buyer. You
know so we usually say no the Indians
say you are increasing your oil
production your production of
derivatives
and anything that you want to export
more we will buy you know Asia as a
whole also buys from us we export for
example a bunker with 24% of renewables
to Asia and every ship every vessel that
we send to Asia sells a lot you with
high percentages
and so we keep looking at that and
looking at this industry uh that is
going to continue being relevant for the
next two three decades. This is what we
believe. So and at the same time we need
to ensure that energy transition needs
to take place in Brazil and that we need
to be part of that and we need to
deliver to that as well. Oil products
were exempt from a lot of these tariffs.
But have you seen an impact on the
supply chain? Have costs gone up? Have
projects been delayed?
>> Supply chain?
>> Supply chain has been an issue. For
example, we had goods that are not shelf
goods and these goods need to be
requested in advance in several of our
projects and we have seen some delays in
delivery. So for example, things that we
needed we expected to ensure two years
for delivery times are reaching like 3
years. So this impacts some of our
products as well. But I think that Petra
needs to anticipate with itself with
regard to this demands you know so that
uh we can be more and more uh agile for
the market.
>> That was the Petro bank CEO there
speaking to Bloomberg's Anarie Hord in
Sa Paulo. Let's uh let's stay on energy
markets and geopolitics and take a
closer look at Russia's apparent deal to
build the power of Siberia 2 gas
pipeline to China via Mongolia. Beijing
hasn't actually officially confirmed the
agreement, but analysts say the move
signals a strategic shift, one that
challenges US influence and could
reshape the global LNG market. Let's
bring in our Asia Commodities and Energy
Energy rather managing editor Claraara
Ferrer Marquez who joins us now from
Singapore. So Clara, I mean, I think we
just sort of indicated really the
significance of of this deal, but but
what more do we know about it given it
hasn't really been confirmed so far?
>> Well, it's not been confirmed by the
Chinese side. So, Power of Siberia 2 has
been a twinkle in Vladimir Putin's eyes
for a very long time. He's really wanted
this even before the war war in Ukraine.
Since the war in Ukraine, Russia's
invasion of Ukraine, it's become that
much more important because of the way
that Russia needs to shift from a
European market that was really crucial
to its gas exports to Asia. And given
that Russia has limitations around
liqufied natural gas, um pipelines are
vital and so power of Siberia 2 is
really instrumental there. The issue
however is that China was much more
hesitant. For China, it's all about
diversity of supply. They very wary of
overdepending uh on depending too much
on Russia. Um, and of course with an
economy that's cooled, you don't really
need that much gas.
>> So yeah, you mentioned how hesitant they
were. Why do you think China refused
power Siberia 2 for years? And why are
they changing their stance now? It seems
right now. I mean, obviously we saw
those pictures and optics with with
Modi, Putin, and China and she you know,
walking together on stage.
>> I think it really is about optics. This
is uh there's a lot of theater here and
for all involved theater is very very
important. Um what we've seen is uh so
Alex A. Miller the head of Gasprom came
out and said it was a binding agreement.
They agreed uh on a number of key issues
not importantly price but on a lot of
other issues. The Chinese however have
been much vaguer. They have just said
there have been energy agreements.
That's really what's quite interesting
here. But they have allowed Russia to
make this public pronouncement.
Importantly, they've also taken a single
cargo of of LNG from the Arctic LG2
project which is sanctioned by the US.
So these two things happen around the
meeting in Tenzin and then in Beijing.
So very very significant diplomatic um
move I guess a a a means of allowing
Vladimir Putin to claim this energy win
which he very very much needs. What
China does from here and how exactly
that deal around Siberia 2 is framed. So
for example, how much flexibility is
involved at what price? Undoubtedly a
bargain price for China. All of that
remains to be seen and it will be very
very interesting as that unfolds over
the coming months and years.
>> Yeah, it's really interesting that point
you're making there. There's sort of no
confirmation yet or no idea around how
much demand there could be from China,
but but maybe this pipeline also opens
up the prospect of more customers for
Russia in Asia.
uh well it will almost certainly go into
China. The issue though is what does it
displace and in all likelihood what it's
displacing is LG and remember that if
you have the US as a giant producer,
China as a giant consumer, they are
natural partners. But what we've seen of
course with the erosion of relations is
that a lot of that US LNG is going to
have to find a new home and that of
course will have an global impact. Uh
that's really probably the biggest
takeaway here for any international
readers. It's obviously the political
side, but the potential knock-on effects
for global LNG.
>> That was our Asia commodities and energy
managing editor there, Clara Ferrer
Marquez in Singapore. And just as we've
been speaking here, we've had an alert
crossing the terminal. Uh this relates
to to Trump who has asked the US Supreme
Court to uphold his global tariffs. Of
course, this was a a ruling that was
reversed or or disbared, I guess, a few
days ago, saying that President Trump's
tariffs were illegal. Now, he's moving
it forward from the appeals court to the
Supreme Court and asking them to uphold
it instead. I mean, this has been a
Supreme Court that does have some judges
on that in his favor. It would be a big
question, of course, when it reaches
this level, which way does it go?
>> Yeah. And that was the reason why we
didn't see it go into effect, right?
because they were waiting for the Trump
administration's move and what it would
mean uh there at the with the US Supreme
Court. So that certainly is the next
move here. I don't think it's a big
surprise that this is uh uh developing
in this way. But certainly yes, asking
the US Supreme Court to uphold his
global tariffs. This could be a very
kind of fluid situation that could go on
for some time. So that's the latest on
that front as well. In the meantime, we
are checking of course what's going on
on markets here and we continue to see
that selling pressure here. There you
go. CSI 300. We're now at session lows.
were down some 2% uh for that benchmark
here and this is on the back of our
scoop possibly that China is said to be
weighing curbs on stock speculation and
the Shanghai composite is also down by
about 1 and a half%. Remember has been a
little bit stable but weakening there a
little bit there at 714 levels as well
and we are seeing government bonds bit
up here we're down one basis points at
173 we're around those twoe lows for
your Chinese 10-year yield. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
I watched the speech last night.
President, she's a friend of mine, but I
thought that the United States should
have been mentioned last night during
that speech because we helped China uh
very, very much.
President Trump on how he thought his
Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping should
have recognized the US during his speech
at Beijing's military parade. But yes,
it seems like he was really watching
that event showcasing China's military
strength and global ambitions of course.
And let's get to our chief Asia
correspondent, Stephen Engel. He joins
us from Beijing. He was at Tanam Min.
And Steve, you know, what was it like
really? I know we we try to get to you
multiple times and certainly there was
so much pomp and circumstance. What
stood out to you the most?
>> Yes.
Well, it's interesting that this story
has come about about this hot mic
incident and I was there in Tamman
Square and you know you could hear a pin
drop when the video screens large video
screens were showing uh Xiinping,
Vladimir Putin and Kim Jong-un walking
through the forbidden city and up the
stairs. Everybody in the square and in
those scans and the risers were quiet as
church mice and you could hear them
talking. You couldn't quite make out
what they were saying, but clearly uh
they said something substantial because
it was caught on the mics. Let's hear.
You can hear for yourself.
[Music]
IP.
You know, one thing we learn in
television, guys, is the mic is always
hot, right? And we could actually hear
that chatting back and forth uh between
them. And I even turned to my camera and
say, "Are you hearing this? I think
somebody might be in serious trouble
because they left the mic open." And it
was very interesting. And obviously you
could hear these two um leaders who are
both in their 70s talking about
potential immortality and living longer
through transplants of organs and the
like. It was a little creepy and a
little interesting at the same time.
>> Yeah, certainly certainly a a hot mic
incident for the ages. But what about uh
what else came out of the event? Because
I mean going into it as well, we were
talking yesterday about how there was so
much question marks over who was going
to be on the stage, who wasn't going to
be on the stage. What did you learn or
what did you glean about about she's
continued efforts to remodel and remake
the military as well?
>> Well, we do know that he's tried to
streamline the military and modernize it
and root out corruption. Uh so he's
really taken on that mantle of weeding
out graft and inefficiencies and he has
uh we we've seen over those two and a
half terms now at least 14 generals
either be under investigation or be
removed from public view. We've had two
defense ministers uh fall from grace. Uh
we've seen the head of the PLA Navy and
Admiral also fall from grace. Uh we've
seen the rocket uh team the rocket force
leader also be removed and the one that
was really questioned going into this
parade was the fate of vice chair of the
central military commission that's
he did not appear yesterday and he did
not appear in any of the broadcasts and
even and we have them some video of when
uh Xiinping rode in his hungi limousine
out to address the troops. the the
protocol is when he has to be invited to
address the troops usually by the the
commander of the central theater and
that is General Wong Chiang but he did
not go out in his own uh vehicle and
address uh Xiinping. In fact, it was a
lieutenant general who did those honors.
So that has led to a lot more
speculation that perhaps another general
uh general this in this case General
Wongqang has possibly also been brought
under investigation. So it's just more
speculation into the ongoings of the
Chinese PLA which but you know we all
know the people's liberation army is uh
far more u opaque less trans uh you know
uh transparency in the army than even
the government itself.
Yeah, absolutely. And then and you can
see that at least 14 generals uh
promoted under him are already thought
to be caught up in an anti
>> anti-corruption probe. But that was
really great that our chief North Asia
correspondent Steven Angel in Beijing
and we'll have plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
This China selloff on shore is getting a
little bit more prevalent here right
now. Now you take a look at how the CSI
300 is doing. We're down some 100
points. We're down about 2% here. And
you're seeing uh more of that in some of
these sort of innovation boards and the
like. Star50 was also seeing a lot of
selling pressure here today. And we're
seeing now with the CSI 300 dropping the
most since April 7th of this year. So
that brings us just days after
liberation of day of course. So this
just goes to show right this is on the
back of our scoop how they're going to
find ways maybe tinkering around the
edges to try to slow down this rally
bill. Yeah, it's it's certainly a big
question for regulators. I mean, it's
been sort of a $1.2 trillion rally since
the start of August. Is that healthy?
And what could be the ways that they
would be looking at sort of trying to
cool it down a little bit, especially
when you've seen things like margin
financing for instance, continuing to
pick up? But it is a very tough
balancing act for for regulators as well
because you still want to have that
steady shift in liquidity, portfolio
positioning toward equities, but you
don't want to have undue speculation.
That's the point that Fred Newman is
making from HSBC. So I mean it's it's
very sharp that sell off we're seeing in
particular and also the kinds of stocks
we're seeing it in. For instance
Cambracon for instance it's been one of
sort of the darlings of the rally so far
because there was this sort of thinking
that it could be the the next Nvidia in
China. So I mean that is one of the big
standouts to the downside today. But
chip stocks generally I mean they're
very much under pressure so far. You can
see for instance SMIC Hua Huang I mean
big selloff really in the red. Solar
stocks actually last we checked were
still moving higher. Yeah, I mean the
Capricorn move is quite substantial,
right? 12% to the downside here. These
are already on the back of what the
company actually said just a few days
ago about you know this rally is is not
really based on fundamentals here right
now. On the flip side, there are still
bright spots as well given what we've
been seeing uh with the US trade court
ruling that these Biden era solar
tariffs that moratorum is invalid. So
some of these uh domestic solar players
are doing quite well here today in the
face of this big sell-off that we're
seeing generally speaking here. So Jay
Solar the like down some up some 4%
Shing Jang Dagal New Energy is up 8 and
a half% as well. So certainly that's one
thing to watch right is um you know how
the regulators are going to look and how
they change sort of their stance of this
rally as well. You know obviously we've
been talking about how they want a slow
moving slow bull run here and you know
at a time when we're seeing you know
stocks and the RMBB for example are also
moving in tandem. So there's a lot at
stake here on how they actually come
through and what the the tone is going
to be like from the likes of
>> Wu Ching. And I also think it makes it
it so timely for Surely Shirley Ren's
opinion piece today. And she's just
talking about why you need to to have
such an orderly rally. And that's
because the government's going to end up
being more dependent than ever on maybe
a healthy stock market to try and pay
for people's pensions. But let's also
take a look at the the China stocks that
are exposed to India as well. They're
still a little bit under pressure, but
they could be beneficiaries out of these
GST changes. Yeah, that's certainly
interesting, right? Because when you
talk about what's been going on in India
and the big sort of headline is, you
know, these 50% tariffs in the US,
you're seeing ways that the government
now is trying to insulate its economy
from these external threats. And so
certainly, you know, that's not really
the key focus for some of these stocks
here today, just given of course what's
been going on, the sell off on shore. Uh
but then again the the the fact that
they announced this sort of uh this
consumption tax uh cut is certainly is
one big thing that potentially could be
a next catalyst for this market which of
course is uh one of the worst in the
world this year. Joining us is Ruchi
Bata from New Delhi. Uh on what more do
we know about this this this consumption
tax and the like and really how do you
think it's going to really benefiting
the economy?
Well, this is the biggest overhaul that
we've seen in the goods and services tax
regime which is India's consumption tax
uh since it was introduced in 2017.
Remember the announcement was made by
Prime Minister Narendra Modi uh during
the independence day speech from the
ramparts of Red Fort and now uh within a
month's time the GST council that is
headed by finance minister Nalasi
Daraman has taken the decision to uh
reduce the existing GST tax labs from 4
to two uh which essentially means that
there will only be two tax rates a 5%
tax rate and an 18% tax rate. uh there
are a handful of items that will be in
the 40% category but that is only for uh
the time being. Having said that uh
almost uh in fact more than 400 items of
daily essential use uh have been uh
reduced and put in the 5% category and
this includes uh you know uh items such
as uh uh uh you know toothpaste, soaps,
detergents, shampoos uh stuff that you
use on a daily basis and others like uh
you know television sets are now in the
18% category. The federal government
will lose uh 480 billion rupees from
this entire exercise. But one needs to
see what the government is now going to
do to make sure that the states are
adequately compensated for their loss as
well. Having said that, this is coming
in at a time uh which is just ahead of
uh you know the main festive fest
festival in India that is Diwali that
happens to be in the month of October.
Uh and it is expected to give a big
philillip to consumption back home. uh
remember consumption contributes more
than 60% to India's uh gross domestic
product and it will be very very
important to see the kind of uh buoyancy
that we will see in terms of consumption
demand in the next uh few uh months to
so to say
>> thanks very much for joining us this
morning that was Ruchi Barta there in
New Delhi and just as we go to break
here just taking a look at what's
happening with BYD shares because we're
seeing those under pressure uh the story
here is that BYD is cut its 2025 sales
target by 16%. That's Reuters reporting.
We'll get the details on that. You've
watched the China show and Insight with
us. Linda Amin is next.
[Music]